hey guys last 1:43 here I have just gone
out and bought Despicable Me the Red
Nose Day edition from Sainsbury's sorry
about the quality in that I like to use
the webcam off the computer because I
forgot to charge the batteries in the
camera so I'll have to do anyway
anyway I I wasn't sure which one to get
like I like the fun of this but I liked
the other edition and I didn't realize -
like a home that it actually has both
the comes as the Red Nose Day and the
original one with a ruin or downer and
so I was kind of happy about that but I
got the triple play one step back
open this that's just the sleeve on the
front I like I think it's pretty cool
says 50 P from this DVD goes to comic
relief down at the bottom there
I was hoping this would be a bit cheaper
than what it was because on their
website saying if it was a 14 but I paid
18 for it so that's kind of shame that
can't do much about that anyway that is
the front the side there a little
various okay oh I spoke though I said
really cool case it's got like thousands
of minions on it that's pretty epic
actually and that is the DVD and that is
the special feature is the Muni no
digital copy that's the digital copy in
there so that's not bad yeah it's coming
to the close so the digital copy what
I'll use eventually yeah anyway that's
pretty much it
yeah it's early
there's one I think it's pretty cool
I've wanted this for a while
and it came out today so I've got them
they're pretty early and when it picked
up anyway thanks guys got a sub or
comment or anything that helped me out a
lot
hey guys cheers thanks for watching